Add option to pick Linux/BSD backends (#3436)
alacritty/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

### Packaging

- Minimum Rust version has been bumped to 1.37.0

> - Added ability to pick Linux/BSD backends(X11/Wayland) during build, both are enabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Rust features `x11` and `wayland` to pick backends, which are both enabled by default
```

Reviewer 2: `pick backends` sounds kinda weird to me -- maybe `choose backends`?

Also `which are both enabled by default` -> `with both enabled by default`, IMHO.

Author: I've decided to avoid `choose` since I read such thing like 'one over another'.
